Next, property that we want to work on is displaying the order total.
So if we go back to our application and right here, let me stop this.
What we can do is inside our shopping cart fuel model.
We can add one more property, which will be double to hold the cart total.
We need to calculate this inside the card controller.
We already have a for each loop.
So inside this for each loop, we can populate the shopping cart field model Dakar total plus equal
to the want to multiply the car ticket price by the count and assign that to our total.
Then inside the UI here, we just need to display that total right here.
So we have that insight model Dakar total, and we will convert that to currency.
Let us run the application and see the cart total.
Let's log in here and let's go to the shopping cart.
Let me just make sure the total is correct.
So thirty four times 58.
That's 50.
And that looks good.
So our car total is working as expected.
Now in the next video, let's work on the plus minus and delete button.